everyone welcome to my review of the WB
series
Volvo which if you don't know tells the
story
of young Clark Kent and follows his
10-year journey towards becoming the
superhero we all know and love the Man
of Steel Superman
now the first season of Smallville
started off with Clark Kent in his first
year of high school with his friends
Pete Ross Chloe Sullivan and follows him
as he befriends Lana Lang meets his
future arch nemesis Lex Luthor deals
with discovering that he's an alien
and also battles mysterious freaks of
the week if you will who are powered by
kryptonite which fell with meteor rocks
along with Clark during the meteor
shower when he was an infant as he was
sent away from his home planet NOW
smallville season 1 is a season that
really has aged well in some aspects and
hasn't aged well in a lot negative
aspects of the season as far as how it
has aged is that the freak of the week
stuff is really really corny I mean even
back then in a day it was but now it
just really seems especially compared to
these sort of more DC comics oriented
storylines of the later seasons
it's very formulaic and not that the
series was ever you know groundbreaking
in terms of the story structure over
here like week in and week out it's
freaky something happens to someone that
turns them into a meteor freak meteor
freak burns around just some crazy
everyone will sits around the computer
and tries to get out Clark Kent saves
the day at the end and that was but that
is a lot of how this season picks up
especially in the first seven episodes I
felt and it was really easy for me to
see how this series really didn't pick
up with older audiences who may have
been expecting something more from a
Superman show however it was pretty easy
to see why this would pick up with a
younger audience for starters the high
school melodrama if you will was
something that I really connected with
back in the day and thought was like you
know wow you know these are my people
they're speaking to me and today it just
really felt very strange and unengaged
you know when you watch Clark battle
doomsday and Darkseid and Zod
watching Clark figure out how he's going
to tell Lana that he likes her or
watching Clark throw a house party
really
didn't seem as riveting as it did in the
past however that said one of the things
I do have to say for the series in terms
of you know improvement is that while
the whole sort of norman walk rockwell
sort of picture a perfect family that
the ken's had was is a little cheesy and
does get a little seventh heaven type of
you know corny in it in from time to
time it actually still was a really
well-written relationship by dynamic
between that family just the chemistry
between Annette O'Toole and John
Schneider as Martha and Jonathan Kent
respectively and of course Tom Welling
is Clark was something that I felt was
that was very strong in this series you
know it's not necessarily what every
family is but it's what of your family
really hopes to be and I'd like that
they may didn't make this this despite
the faculty kind of always resolve their
issues very in a very diplomatic manner
they didn't make these people perfect
Jonathan is a very stubborn character
whose pride gets in the way of him
making some more rational decisions
Martha Kent is you know well there's
really nothing wrong with her actually
and Clark really is you know it's really
something to see you know people who say
this show never had character
development but there's such a stark
difference between Clark Kent in season
10 and Clark Kent in season 1 Clark Kent
in season 1 is really whiny insecure
really doesn't know how to take action
and you compare that to the Clark end of
season 10 and you know he's a little you
know always teetering on a little bit of
the whiny side but he would definitely
stepped up more in the later seasons and
showed himself to be a true leader and
here you know it really was a girl he
was a kid and you really noticed that
and I thought that Tom Welling is an
actor who's definitely matured over the
years as an actor you could definitely
see here that he's a little stoic the
little places performance is very safe
compared to later season where he kind
of lets it all out Michael Rosenbaum of
course as Lex Luthor is fantastic
that relationship between him and Clark
has always been one of the most
fascinating aspects of the show and seen
it from beginning knowing not just what
plays out but how it all unfolds how to
become enemies was actually really
interesting to watch them form their
friendship
and let's always you know in retrospect
was kind of an evil backstabbing
manipulative character the only
difference was you know he was on
Clark's side so kind of Megan I guess a
little bit forgivable or he didn't
really notice that he was always a very
devious character allison max Chloe
Sullivan is fantastic of course she just
has so much spunk and energy fights to
her and I really felt that P Ross was a
funny character and I have to give that
to the series is that you know the later
seasons are kind of dark and very you
know heavy-handed and serious and I like
that the series actually had some good
comedy in it I laughed quite a few times
and you know some of it was korney so it
was actually genuinely funny and last
stop with the other big thing I notice
is that Lana Lang was a character who I
really really felt was annoying and now
that I'm on season 2 as of this
recording I'm starting to see that
annoying side keep up again but throw
season one I still don't like that she's
obsessed with her dead parents through a
really unhealthy level but actually did
think there was a strong character in
there this initial season who really
wanted to break free from the you know
stereotype that she had been put in as
into the cheerleader and you know season
1 is a very formulaic very corny and
really took a while to get going and
even when it does it's still very you
know stoic and by the numbers but I did
like that that the have strong character
dynamic I like that they actually you
know could afford to let their
characters go outside on location which
never happens in later seasons and I
like that just the actors and the they
all had a great dynamic with each other
and we were very interesting
relationships I felt you know season 1
is not you know groundbreaking
television but I do think it actually
has aged relatively well it's still
enjoyable although there are still some
strong weaknesses to it so I'm gonna
give it about you know what a 7 point 5
out of 10 overall best episode was
probably vortex worst episode was
probably craving but again definitely
check it out and I'm looking forward to
seeing how the rest of the series
unfolds on a second opinion so thanks
for watching and I'll see you guys in
the next video take care bye